doc: add more troubleshooting (#132)
google-github-actions/auth: docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

    Account on an attribute unless you map that value from the incoming GitHub
    OIDC token.

1.  Check the specific error message that is returned.

    If the error message includes "failed to generate Google Cloud federated
    token", it means admission into the Workload Identity Pool failed. Check

>     your **Attribute Conditions**. If the error message inclues "failed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    your **[Attribute Conditions](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/workload-identity-federation#conditions)**. 
    If the error message includes "failed to
```

Author: Done

    generate Google Cloud access token", it means Service Account Impersonation

>     failed. Check your **Service Account Impersonation** settings and ensure the

Author: Done
